♪♪
Nolan: Swear to God.
now he has this woman tied up.
his own aunt.
He has a shotgun rigged
with duct tape and a string
so he can shoot her
from the fireplace.
Yeah. while Chen's across town
going toe-to-toe with the 5-4.
Yeah. thirty gang members
against me and my T.O.
[ Chuckles ] Oh. my God.
that's hardcore.
How the hell'd
you get out of that?
No joke. my T.O. goes.
"When you're in the LAPD"...
Together:
"You're never alone."
And right on cue. an airship
arrives with a SWAT team.
[ Laughing ]
Damn.
there's me thinking
discharging my weapon this year
was a big deal.
Aw. don't beat yourself up.
Chris.
I'm sure someday
you'll catch up.
[ All murmuring ]
Oh. it's like that?
Oh. yeah.
It's like that.
Come on. you guys. We're not
in the Academy anymore.
We don't have to be
competitive about everything.
Well. it's not a competition
when I always win.
[ Group "Oh"s ]
Ooh. that's a deep cut!
But he does have a point.
That's it. West.
Hmm?
You and me.
right now --
We're gonna settle this thing
once and for all.
Mm.
[ Cheering. laughter ]
Drink up. Drink up.
[ Cheering ]
I can't believe they still can't
let go of their rivalry.
Can't you? They were first
and second at the Academy.
Their dads were
first and second.
Oh! Sorry! Sorry!
Oh. ho. ho!
[ Chuckling ] You okay?
Yep.
Nope.
I was just gonna get some air.
How about you join me?
[ Exhales sharply ]
Sorry.
No. no. no. Don't.
[ Cheering ]
So. I'm actually fine.
Just...a little worried
about Chris.
I mean. you always gave
the best advice at the Academy.
Thank you.
Uh. what's going on?
At first. I thought
it was just a rocky transition.
You know. going from
being top of the class
to being just another Boot.
But...he never
really evened out.
Did you know he barely passed
our six-month exam?
Can you believe that?
Actually. I can.
If he came in
expecting it to be easy.
I mean. it is not.
I'm worried.
What if he's really
not ready?
Should I say something?
I can't answer that
for you.
I can tell you that this year
has been tough for all of us.
I mean. no vacation.
no sick days.
constantly under
a microscope.
We've all stumbled.
Yeah.
If I were you.
I would just...
tell Chris
you're there for him.
And if he can bear down
for one more month.
then he can
take some time off
and just clear his head.
you know. reset.
I've been trying to convince him
to go on the road with me.
take an RV and camp.
hike.
just disconnect
from all the noise
before we come back
as P2s.
See.
that would be perfect.
Yeah.
Thanks.
I knew I'd feel better
talking to you.
50 bucks.
Nolan!
I need your help.
I'm sorry.
How is this helping?
Jackson and I are tied.
One more event
will settle this.
If you hit Nolan.
you lose.
Wait.
what game is this?
Suicide darts.
Ow!
[ Alarm clock ringing ]
[ Ringing stops ]
I do not wanna
go to work today.
Mm. you can be
a few minutes late.
[ Scoffs ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Groans ]
Yeah. and do push-ups
in between every call
and jog behind the shop?
No. thanks.
Mm.
Oh. come on!
Mnh-mnh!
Bradford's chill.
I mean. maybe if you're
playing pick-up with him.
but not when
he's your T.O.
He once designed an IED
to blow up baby powder
in my face
just to make a point.
Is he allowed
to do that?
I just need to get through
the next thirty days.
and then I will be free.
No more mind games.
No more Tim Tests.
No more chewing me out
in public.
Okay. so you're saying
thirty days.
and then I can
make you late?
Mm.
Hm?
Um...listen.
If we bump into
each other at work.
can we please
just play it cool?
I'm not cool?
No!
You know what I mean!
Like. on the...D.L.
The D.L.?
Yep. I said that.
I'm sorry.
[ Laughing ]
Don't laugh!
Don't you work
with your roommate?
Oh. Jackson's got my back.
He would never talk.
Well. I can't promise I'll be
able to keep my eyes off of you.
but otherwise. deal.
Thank you.
Mm.
Aah!
[ Both laugh ]
But. wait.
Grace might actually
let her ex-husband
come back home?
For the sake of her son.
Look. I-I get
where she's coming from.
I mean. I did something similar
with my ex.
Staying together
for the kid.
even when you knew
the relationship was doomed.
Did that actually make things
better for Henry?
No.
But what am I gonna do?
Mansplain to her that
she's making a mistake?
How well
is that gonna go over?
Yeah. not well.
But if you
leave her alone.
you risk giving the ex
an opening.
Tough one.
I'm looking for
some sage advice here.
If you haven't noticed. my
personal life's a dumpster fire.
All I can say is...
I'm rooting for you two.
Good luck. buddy.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Claps hands ]
You can do it.
I'm telling you.
[ Laughs ]
Today is our rookies' one-year
mark in the F.T.O. program.
Congratulations
on not washing out.
[ Cheering ]
Yet.
We'll see.
There's still time.
That also means
today is the start
of your Thirty Day Push.
Why is that important.
Officer Nolan?
Because in one month.
we will no longer be
probationary employees.
but fully fledged
patrol officers of the LAPD?
No.
Damn it.
Because. as your T.O.s
have pointed out.
you are not there yet.
The end of the race
is always the hardest.
The Push is to remind you
not to celebrate
until you cross
the finish line.
Understand?
Together: Yes. sir.
Good.
And...that's all I got.
For the first time
in history.
the night shift
did their jobs --
left no open cases
that require follow-up.
So. go on.
find some crime.
And be safe out there.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
It's weird we haven't had
any calls yet.
Crime doesn't run
on a schedule. Boot.
[ Police radio chatter ]
What are you
so happy about?
What? Nothing.
Can't I smile?
You've just been doing it
a lot lately.
I didn't realize
happiness was an impediment
to being a good cop.
I'm just surprised
you haven't tried
to talk my ear off
about whatever it is.
So. what?
Did you rescue a kitten?
Adopt a star?
My personal life
is none of your business.
Finally.
There's hope for you yet.
[ Scoffs ]
Lopez: My mom
is driving me crazy.
She's teamed up
with Wesley's mom.
so every time
I try to make a decision
about the wedding.
I'm outnumbered.
You're the bride.
Shouldn't you get final say?
I'm the only girl
in either family.
so they're
living vicariously.
And I don't have
the bandwidth to push back
because I'm so focused on
making detective.
If I don't make
the next round of promotions.
I'll have to take
the detective's exam again.
But while
I'm distracted.
those viejas
are hijacking my wedding.
Come on. I'm pretty sure
it's not that bad.
They decided the color scheme
should be pink and peach.
Oh. no.
Do I look like a woman
who's ever worn peach?
No. You're definitely
an autumn.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Is that...?
No.
Wait a second.
No. Forget it.
Okay. so. how about you make
visual confirmation
before you speak?
Roger that.
You a little nervous
about court today?
My lawyer says.
with all of my positive changes
that I've made
and my improved relationship
with Donovan. there's no reason
the judge shouldn't grant me
shared custody.
That's great!
Yeah. except the judge
is a real hard-ass
and has a reputation for being
unorthodox in his rulings.
I'm sure you have
nothing to worry about.
Man! I don't know that I've
ever had a shift this quiet.
[ Tires screech ]
Did you really just say
the "Q" word in my shop?
What? Quie--
Na-na-ah-ah-ah-ah!
Stop!
You do not.
under any circumstance.
ever use the "Q" word
while on duty.
That is like
saying "Macbeth" in theater
or talking about a no-hitter
in the dugout.
O...kay. I had no idea
you were superstitious.
That is not superstition.
That's fact.
[ Seatbelt clicks ]
Where are you going?
I am going to get
the trauma plate for my vest.
'cause I have a feeling
I'm gonna need it.
You and your big mouth probably
just cost me custody of my kid.
[ Vehicle door opens. closes ]
Dispatch: Wilshire units.
information only.
Hollywood division
is in pursuit
after a shots fired call.
Event 8-0-5
working on channel 4.
Information only.
[ Radio beeps ]
Turn that on.
I wanna hear.
[ Click ]
Officer: Uh. gr-gray Maserati.
no plates.
[ Siren wailing ]
Suspect vehicle
is picking up speed.
Uh. we are southbound on
Normandie. 50 miles an hour.
We got moderate traffic.
Wait. That voice.
That's Chris.
Rios.
We went
to the Academy together.
His dad worked Narcotics
with my old man back in the day.
Well. at least Hollywood's
getting a little action today.
O-O-O-Okay. wait.
I'm -- J-Just stand by.
[ Siren wailing ]
Something's going down.
Okay.
he's left on Wilshire.
E-Eastbound on Wilshire.
Speed is 70.
[ Car horn blaring ]
This is heavy traffic.
He's -- He's blowing lights.
Sidewalk!
He's on the sidewalk!
He's too amped up.
Dispatch:
Copy. eastbound Wilshire.
speed 70.
blowing lights call.
6-Mary-100. copy?
6-Mary-100:
Copy. Advise Mid-Wilshire.
Want is 245
with a handgun.
Control. 7-Adam-15.
attach us to the pursuit.
Event 8-0-5
and switching to channel 4.
[ Radio beeps ]
"Quiet." he says.
6-Adam-41. just T.C.'d.
Wilshire at Virgil.
We are lead car.
I-I'm gonna need backup. guys.
I need --
I-I need help!
Copy. 6-Mary-47 help call.
Hollywood and Mid-Wilshire
units responding.
Control. 7-Adam-19. attach.
Code 3.
[ Siren wailing. engine revs ]
Copy. 6-Mary-47 eastbound
on Wilshire.
approaching MacArthur Park.
That's right around
the corner.
[ Siren wailing ]
Control. 7-Adam-07.
we're two blocks from there.
Suspect vehicle has crashed!
[ Tires screech ]
[ Engine revs ]
♪♪
[ Tires screech ]
Hey. get back! Get back!
Hands! Hands!
[ Engine revving ]
Show me your hands!
Hands on the window!
Chris. get back!
Hands! Hands!
Show me your hands!
No! No!
No! Chris!
Son of a bitch!
Rios!
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
[ Tires screeching ]
Nolan: Control. 7-15.
we have the Maserati.
northbound Park View.
In pursuit. Speed's 60.
Occupied once.
Lopez:
7-Adam-07. shots fired.
Officer down.
Repeat. officer down.
Requesting R.A.
for a 25-year-old male.
gunshot wound
to the chest.
Come on. come on. come on!
Conscious and breathing.
Park View at 7th.
Dispatch: All units. be advised.
7-Adam-15 in pursuit
of gray Maserati
heading south on Alvarado.
Do you see him?
Negative. I lost him
at the last intersection.
Damn it.
Female dispatch:
Attention. all units.
Air-12 spotted a gray Maserati
matching suspect's vehicle
entering covered parking
structure at 6th and Grand.
7-Adam-15 responding.
Code 3.
[ Siren wailing ]
♪♪
Just keep breathing. buddy.
alright?
Tim: Martinez.
Alright. Huh?
Sarge is gonna want to talk
to you. You're a witness.
I'm not leaving
this kid alone.
I'll go.
EMT:
One. two. three! Lift!
♪♪
[ Engine starts ]
[ Siren wailing ]
This shouldn't
have happened.
I made a felony stop.
Rios just charged.
I mean. he's made mistakes
before. but never like this.
He knows --
stop at a safe distance.
wait for backup.
approach with caution.
but --
It hap-- It happens.
Rookies aren't used to
the adrenaline.
They get amped up.
It's lights and sirens syndrome.
I told him on day one.
I told him.
It's the hardest part
about being a T.O. Okay?
We drill it into their head.
but at the end of the day.
they make their own calls.
Still feels like my fault.
No. Come on.
[ Groans ]
You hurt?
Nah. I just -- just tweaked it
pulling him out of danger.
I'm alright.
7-Adam-19.
send an additional R.A.
to my location.
[ Siren wailing ]
Jackson:
You're gonna be okay.
Look at me. Look at me.
Alright?
Remember the obstacle course
at the Academy?
First time through.
you had a torn hamstring
and still beat me.
Yeah. and I practiced
every single day after that.
knowing that you'd be
coming for me.
I was only number one because
you were there pushing me.
And now I'm gonna be here
pushing you.
getting you
back to your feet.
Alright?
Okay. and I expect
your "A" game. man. alright?
None of that "I got shot" B.S.
You hear me?
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
Chris. you hear me. man?
[ Beeping continues ]
[ Alarm buzzing ]
He's losing
too much blood!
How much further?!
Driver:
Three minutes out.
Chris. Come on. Chris.
Stay with me. man! Come on!
Chris!
♪♪
[ Tires screech in distance ]
There.
♪♪
[ Vehicle doors close ]
Nolan. Door.
Got a gun.
You need to secure it
while I go after the suspect.
I'll go with you.
No. that gun is
a crucial piece of evidence.
and TID has their hands full
processing the shooting scene.
so I am designating you
the finder.
Photograph everything.
Make sure you get that gun
exactly how it was found.
Glove up. collect it. and store
it in our shop's lock box.
You got it?
Yes. ma'am.
[ Radio beeps ]
Control. 7-Adam-15.
Suspect vehicle located
in a parking structure
on 6th and Grand.
Gun on scene.
My T.O. is
in pursuit of suspect
through a maintenance door
on the northeast corner.
Need backup. Code 3.
[ Radio beeps ]
[ Machinery hissing ]
♪♪
[ Machinery clanking ]
[ Flashlight clicks ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
Control. 7-Adam-15.
Shut down all code 3 units.
Suspect is G.O.A.
[ Radio beeps ]
Damn it.
[ Monitor beeping rapidly ]
Nurse Lisa:
25-year-old male.
single gunshot wound
to the chest.
Possible lung collapse.
He's down two liters of blood.
Aren't you taking him
to surgery?
If I don't stop the bleeding.
he won't make it to the OR.
Three. two. one.
Get a gurney.
Clear Trauma 1.
Get him on the monitor.
[ Indistinct talking ]
Jackson. I hear-- I heard
what happened. Is he...?
They're. um -- They're trying
to stabilize him.
He lost a lot of blood.
[ Crying ] Oh. my God.
No.
Get it out.
[ Crying ]
I have to go back
to the station. okay?
I got
a mandatory callback. but...
will you call me
with any news?
Of course. I'm --
I'm not going anywhere.
[ Monitors beeping ]
[ Indistinct talking ]
[ Beeping continues ]
[ Vehicle door closes.
siren wailing ]
Okay. scene's secure.
What the hell
are you doing?
You holding something
in your right hand?
Your gun hand?
How many times
I gotta tell you
to keep your gun hand free
at all times?
Yeah. I know.
I'm sorry.
You've been on this job a whole
year. and you're still making
the same dumb mistakes you've
been making since day one.
You want to end up
like Rios?
Whoa. Tim.
That's enough. man.
Excuse me?
You don't have to talk to her
like that.
She's my Boot.
I'll talk to her
however the hell I want to
so she doesn't end up
eating through a tube
the rest of her life.
You got that?
Let's go. Boot.
I did not need saving.
[ Vehicle doors open ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Vehicle door closes ]
[ Camera beeping ]
I kind of went overboard
with the crime scene photos.
Better safe than sorry.
[ Brakes squeal ]
[ Vehicle door closes ]
No sign of the suspect?
No. he got away clean.
But we did recover his weapon.
Nine-mil.
Recently fired.
Good work.
Anything else?
Uh. yes. The car is
registered to a dealership --
International Luxury Auto.
Stolen?
Not reported.
We need to run background checks
on the dealership employees.
Already happening.
But we would get
a much faster ID
from the mobile fingerprint unit
inside your car.
We pulled a clean print
from the driver's side window.
Uh. yeah. Great.
Any update on Chris?
Nothing yet.
How is it out there?
Controlled chaos.
We're spread thin
through two divisions.
[ Device chirps. beeps ]
And just like that.
our suspect has a name.
Serj Derian. Number one
on Robbery-Homicide's hit list.
Younger brother of Ruben.
the head
of the Derian crime family.
Linked to drug trafficking.
extortion.
kidnapping. and murder.
But so far. none of
the charges have stuck.
Now. remember. this guy has
already shot one cop today.
I need you focused.
not angry.
♪ Soldier. hold the fort down ♪
♪ Yeah. I bet I burn that...
down before I pucker up ♪
♪ Stuck on the cusp of a new age
of human consciousness ♪
Officer: LAPD!
Serj Derian. come out
with your hands up!
♪ Name dropping
the dead finger to obelisk ♪
♪ Insane. insane world ♪
Lucy: Clear!
Clear!
♪ Insane. insane world ♪
He's not here.
[ Vehicle doors close ]
Hey. you gotta go.
I know. but how can I?
Serj wasn't home.
Bradford and Chen are searching
his stuff right now.
What'd I miss?
Harper has a custody hearing
in about an hour.
and she's conflicted
about leaving.
but I say number-one priority
has to be getting Lila back.
Tell me I'm right.
100%.
Look. take it from me.
Nothing is more important
than family.
Alright. fine.
But I will be back
right after.
Hey.
Take my unmarked.
I'll ride back with Nolan.
Thanks.
Give Lila a hug for me.
[ Indistinct talking
in distance ]
What are we looking for?
[ Sighs ] Anything
that could lead us to Serj.
♪♪
What the hell?
You got something?
Yeah. a police report.
There's more.
"Suspect -- Serj Derian."
His name's
all over these.
Someone inside
the department
has been feeding intel
to the Armenian mob.
And by someone.
you mean...
A dirty cop.
Come in.
Close the door.
So. Bradford and Chen just found
confidential police documents
in Serj's home.
Case files for LAPD
investigations into the Derians.
You saying there's a mole
inside the department?
It'd explain why these guys
have been so slippery.
So. we haven't been able to make
a single case against them.
What does
internal affairs say?
They're mobilizing.
Commander West was keeping it
close to the vest.
but I got a sense they already
have a few cops in mind.
So. what do we do
in the meantime?
Serj's older brother --
Ruben.
[ Clears throat ]
He runs things
from his house in Glendale.
There's a chance
Serj is holed up there.
If not. Ruben's the first person
we should be questioning.
Why are you only
telling me all this?
I know I can trust you.
So I'm making you
acting detective
until this calms down.
You already passed the exam.
so I might as well
take advantage of you
until the brass realizes
what they're missing out on.
Copy that.
So. round up as many units
as you need.
call a judge for
a telephonic search warrant.
Yes. sir.
I've wanted this for so long.
so thank you.
Just wish a cop didn't have
to get shot for it to happen.
We answer the call
when we get it.
♪♪
Still thinking
about Grace?
You're a good detective.
[ Chuckling ]
You're an easy case.
Days like today
just make you realize
how little time
you could have.
Time I want to spend
with her.
That's the kind of thing
you might regret
not telling someone.
You know what?
When we get back to the station.
I'm gonna book the evidence
and I'm gonna call her.
Call her?
You better get your ass
over there
and tell her in person.
[ Computer beeps ]
They're putting together a raid
at Ruben Derian's house.
Is Serj there?
Only one way to find out.
[ Radio beeps ]
Control. 7-Adam-15.
Attach us to that ATL.
[ Radio beeps ]
[ Siren wails ]
[ Tires screech ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
[ Vehicle doors close ]
Man: Lock and load.
Any eye on Serj?
Not yet. but there's at least
a handful of unknowns inside.
What's the game plan?
House is
around the corner.
I'll have officers cover
the perimeter while
the rest of us breach.
I would put Stapleton. Cole.
and Brady on the 3/4 corner.
Jennings and Sanchez.
they can take the 2 side.
We'll join you
in the stack.
[ Chuckles ]
Sorry. Second nature.
All good. sir.
You're the senior detective
on site. Operation is yours.
Okay.
Uh...
You're acting detective?
For the day.
Doing great.
Hey.
Wish I was breaching
with you guys.
It'd feel good to subdue a felon
with force right now.
Only temporarily.
Be safe.
You too.
[ Banging on door ]
Lopez: Police! Open up!
Hands up!
Turn around!
♪♪
Clear!
Stand up!
Hands on your head!
Turn around!
[ Doors bang ]
What can I do for you?
We have a warrant to search
the premises for Serj Derian.
[ Sighs ]
You could have just called.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Handcuffs click ]
So much banging and crashing
just to discover
that my brother didn't
randomly drop by.
All clear.
No sign of Serj.
Mr. Derian. we'd like
you to come with us to
the station voluntarily.
Yeah. you bet.
Uh. look. why don't I meet
you guys down there. huh?
There's only
a half-hour left
in what has been
the best game of the season.
It's zero-zero.
A tactical master class.
[ Remote clicks ]
Your brother shot a cop.
You're coming with us now.
On what charge?
You're a material witness
to your brother's actions.
and refusing to help
could be construed
as aiding and abetting.
Let's move.
[ Part Chimp's "Dirty Sun"
plays ]
[ Flatline ]
[ Indistinct talking ]
♪♪
[ Paddles whine ]
Grace: Clear.
[ Paddles thud ]
Nurse:
Negative. No response.
♪♪
Alright.
book the evidence.
I'm gonna check
and see what's next.
Right.
[ Vehicle doors close ]
♪♪
[ Clank ]
Auto registration.
And could I get
a firearm tag?
♪♪
Wait a minute.
W-Wait.
Uh...
Th-- Uh. there was a gun.
There was. um...
There's supposed
to be a gun.
[ Heartbeat ]
Sorry.
[ Heartbeat quickens ]
♪ Dirty light ♪
♪♪
♪ Like a ray of dirty sun ♪
♪ Go at the speed
of dirty light ♪
♪♪
♪ Shine like a ray
of dirty light ♪
[ Door closes ]
Yeah. I understand.
Thank you.
[ Receiver clicks ]
Sir. the weapon we recovered
from the Maserati.
the gun that was used
to shoot Officer Rios.
I secured it.
and now it's missing.
[ Sighs ]
That call
was from the hospital.
Chris Rios just died.
♪♪
That gun is now
a murder weapon.
And you lost it.
♪♪
Can we talk about
what happened earlier?
When earlier?
With Emmett.
There's nothing to say.
The guy tried to tell me
how to do my job.
On today of all days.
I don't care
if he's your boyfriend --
He's not.
Actually. he's a little
dead to me right now.
You may be 30 days
from crossing the finish line.
but the only thing that happens
when you cross it
is that I won't be there
to keep you from washing out.
Or worse.
So you better believe
this next month is
gonna be tough.
'Cause I know
you can handle it.
That's oddly sweet.
But you're not the one
I'm mad at right now.
I'm used to you.
I --
Okay. look.
You are only gonna
hear me say this once.
Emmett's a fireman.
They're idiots.
[ Scoffs ]
But they mean well.
And Emmett...
[ Sighs ]
...he's a not-bad fireman.
Don't write him off.
I thought we weren't going to
discuss my personal life.
We're friends.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hmm.
Hey.
♪♪
[ Crying ] Chris died.
Oh. no.
I can't leave you alone
for a second.
Hey. How was court?
Did the judge --
He's gonna make his decision
tomorrow morning.
But how about we focus on
the murder weapon
that went missing
from the shop?
Okay. you saw me
bag it...
and put it
in the lock box.
The only time we stopped between
the scene and the station
was at Serj's house.
for the raid.
Could one of his guys
have taken it?
No. not possible.
We had the perimeter
completely contained.
and I locked the car.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Mostly sure.
Almost mostly sure.
Even if I didn't.
it was secured in the lock box.
And there's no sign
of forced entry.
None.
You find the gun?
No. and I don't think
he's going to.
Why?
The lock box in the shop
wasn't broken into.
but the key for the boxes
is universal across the LAPD.
You think
a cop took the gun?
It's the only
logical explanation.
We know there's a dirty cop
connected to Serj.
They must have heard on the
radio I'd secured the weapon.
How long were you away
from the shop during the raid?
Uh. we were.
what. 20 minutes?
More than enough time for
one of the officers involved
to take the gun.
It makes sense.
but it's cold comfort.
Even if we get
the weapon back.
the chain of custody
has been destroyed.
The D.A. can't use it
to convict Serj
for the murder
of Officer Rios.
If we ever find the guy.
Oh. we'll find him.
I'm calling all the officers
from the raid
back to the station.
Officer Lopez
will be in charge
of going through
all the body cam footage.
What can we do?
You and Armstrong can
take a run at Ruben Derian.
See if we can sweat
something out of him.
It'd be my pleasure.
Alright. That's all.
Hey. Sarge?
Look. Officer Nolan
conducted himself admirably
throughout the raid.
I don't think he's to blame
for what happened.
That'll be my call.
Detective.
I'll deal with it
when the time is right.
Sir --
Nolan.
You do not want to
have this conversation
with me right now.
♪♪
Armstrong:
Tell us about your brother.
Serj?
He's a nice guy.
A bit of a free spirit.
You two close?
Sure.
But I haven't seen him
in a couple days.
He takes off sometimes.
Hm.
Wanderlust.
[ Chuckles ]
Those Germans.
They really have a word
for everything. don't they?
But you reported his car
stolen this morning.
An hour after it was used
in an incident
that ended
with a dead police officer.
The Maserati belongs
to the Derians' dealership.
It was found missing
during inventory.
How convenient.
Dozens of people have driven
that car in the past week.
Now. my client has been
very cooperative.
so if you don't have
any more questions...
Alright. if you hear from
your brother. give us a call.
He killed a cop.
He is going to prison.
It is up to you
to decide
whether or not
you are going with him.
I'll keep that in mind.
[ Door opens ]
Now what?
[ Door closes ]
We find a new way
to flush Serj out into the open.
What the hell do you need
our body cams for. Sarge?
Sgt. Grey:
Above your pay grade.
Come on.
Oh. hey. Cole.
How you holding up?
Not well.
I should have
said something.
Hey. no. This --
This is not your fault.
Lopez:
House is around the corner.
I'll have officers
cover the perimeter
while the rest of us breach.
Okay. I would put Shelton.
Cole. and Boyd on the --
[ Keyboard clacks ]
[ Crowd cheering ]
Armstrong:
We have a warrant to search
the premises for Serj Derian.
[ Keyboard clacks ]
♪♪
Double-O-Smitty.
At your service.
That man clearly does not know
the "on" button from the "off."
[ Slurps ]
[ Groans ]
[ Keyboard clacks ]
♪♪
[ Knock on door. door opens ]
Officer Erin Cole never switched
her camera on during the raid.
She's a rookie. so it could
just be a mental error.
Or she did it on purpose
to cover up taking the gun.
Either way.
we need to talk to her.
I can reach out to her T.O..
call her back to the station.
No need. Cole's ID badge
shows she's still here --
in the locker room.
♪♪
She dumped everything
that we could use to trace her.
She's running.
♪♪
[ Keyboard clacking ]
How was Officer Cole
at the Academy?
Solid.
Yeah.
she was a go-getter.
I mean. she wasn't
the strongest or the fastest.
but she made up for it
with passion.
I certainly wouldn't have
flagged her as someone
who'd betray the badge.
And as a rookie?
Maybe she didn't turn. Maybe
she was rotten from the onset.
Meaning what?
She was put into the department
by the Derian family
as a mole?
Anything?
No.
No sign of Cole yet.
An S.I.S. team conducted
a raid on her home
and searched the home
of two family members.
Nothing.
Forensic Accounting says
there's been
no financial activity
on any of her accounts.
Well. she's a cop.
Smart enough to know how
we're gonna try and catch her.
And to know that
every available uniform
will be looking for her.
She'll probably flee
to somewhere
that's familiar to her.
The question is.
how will she get there?
We put a BOLO out
county-wide.
The Sheriff's Department.
Metro Transit.
Port Police
all been notified.
Eyes are open.
John.
Uh...excuse me.
I'm so sorry
about Officer Rios.
Thank you.
I know that you guys are
working through the night.
I wasn't sure what to get --
I mean. dinner. breakfast?
No. uh. no.
pizza always plays.
You guys want to
grab this for the...?
Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
Anyway. I mean.
I-I know you're busy.
[ Sighs ]
I just want you to know
that I'm thinking about you.
I'm thinking
about you. too.
Um...
thank you so much
for the food.
Uh...
talk soon?
Yeah.
Bye.
♪♪
Hey. Everything okay?
Um. no. But that's
a problem for another day.
Right now.
we need to find Erin.
Lucy:
What are you looking at?
I'm just going over
all her social media accounts.
I'm just hoping to find
something in here
that'll give us a clue
as to where she went.
I just don't get it.
She's so happy
and carefree.
W-What could happen
to make her do this?
Yeah. I mean. social media
shows the side of us
that we want
people to see.
[ Keyboard clacks ]
"#RVlife."
The other night
at the bar.
Erin said she wanted to go
on a road trip in an RV
just as soon as
the Thirty Day Push was over.
You think that's
her escape plan?
It would give her mobility.
It would give her a place
to hide off the grid.
[ Distorted Pony's
"Death in the Turnstile" plays ]
♪♪
[ Radio beeps ]
Nolan: The house
the RV is registered to
is at the end
of this street.
On our go.
[ Radio beeps ]
I hope she surrenders
without a fight.
I wouldn't count on it.
If she's in deep
with the Derians.
she knows they'll kill her
to keep her from talking.
[ Tires screech ]
She's on the move!
[ RV engine revs ]
Watch out. Watch out!
[ Tires screech ]
Control. 7-Adam-15.
We just got 245'd
by suspect Cole in an RV.
Beige RV.
Arizona plates.
Alpha-Bravo-7-9. heading north
on Mission Road towards 1st.
[ Sirens wailing ]
♪♪
[ Engine revs ]
Look out.
♪♪
Whoa!
Look out!
[ Clatter ]
She's gonna go through.
She's not gonna stop.
♪♪
[ Metal creaks ]
[ Tires screech ]
♪♪
Dispatch:
Attention. all units.
Air-16 tracking suspect vehicle
heading east on Colorado
towards Pasadena.
♪♪
Clear.
Nolan: Clear.
What do we got?
Harper: She's on foot.
Couple minutes ahead.
Alright. head inside. Split up.
She could be anywhere.
♪♪
Control. suspect is on foot.
Rose Bowl Stadium.
Requesting backup
and airship.
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Erin!
[ Echoing ] Erin!
Drop that gun right now!
[ Voice breaking ]
I can't.
Come on. Erin.
It's me.
You know me.
We've been through a lot
together. You can talk to me.
Just talk to me.
I never wanted this.
I know.
[ Breathing shakily ]
I had problems.
Debts.
and...they paid them.
And [Exhales sharply]
and then they owned me.
Who did?
The Derians?
I finally
paid them back.
and I told Serj
I was done.
but he --
he pulled a gun
and he tried to kill me
when I wouldn't scare and --
The shots fired call.
Serj. he -- he got caught
flat-footed.
and he -- he jumped
in the Maserati. and...
Chris is dead because of me.
[ Sobs ]
No. no. no!
Wait. no! Don't! Just...
It doesn't have to
all be for nothing.
Okay. you can start
to make this right.
Just...
♪♪
...name names.
Okay? Just testify.
[ Breathing shakily ]
Armstrong.
No!
[ Thud ]
♪♪
[ Radio beeps ]
Control. uh.
requesting an R.A. unit.
[ Voice breaking ]
25-year-old female.
multiple gunshot wounds
to the chest.
[ Sighs ]
Not conscious.
not breathing.
[ Radio beeps ]
♪♪
Sgt. Grey:
I know you're all exhausted.
The past twenty-four hours have
brought a...lot of heartache.
You did great work out there.
Remember that.
I was notified
that Rios' memorial service
is Saturday afternoon.
Go home. get some rest.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Nolan.
I'm gonna need you
to stay behind.
IA is requesting
your statement
while it's still
fresh in your mind.
Yes. sir.
[ Door opens ]
Hey.
You okay?
[ Door closes ]
[ Geographer's "Get There Soon"
plays ]
I thought I had a chance
at getting through to her.
♪♪
I had no choice.
Oh. I...
I know.
Just such a waste.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Keys jingle ]
You want me
to make you some tea?
I'm okay.
♪ Find the light ♪
Come here.
♪ In the darkest room ♪
♪ Give it time ♪
Doesn't feel real.
you know?
I know.
♪ I been told ♪
[ Knock on door ]
♪ If you just stay true ♪
♪ Nothing good
ever does come easy ♪
It's Emmett.
Yeah. uh.
you two should talk.
♪ But you'll get there soon ♪
[ Door opens. closes ]
♪ Oh-oh-oh. oh-oh-oh.
ohhhhhhhhh ♪
Hey.
♪ Oh-oh-oh. oh-oh-oh ♪
I screwed up.
♪ Ohhhhhhhhh ♪
Yeah. You did.
♪ How many times
can you fall on your knees ♪
Come in.
♪ Before you never want
to get up again ♪
♪ And chase your dreams? ♪
Uh...
♪ Somehow... ♪
You're one of the toughest women
I've ever met.
The last thing you need
is a protector.
and I didn't mean
to imply that you did.
♪ ...I've never seen ♪
I'm sorry.
♪♪
Thanks.
♪ I believe. I believe... ♪
I accept your apology.
♪ ...soon ♪
Really?
♪ I believe. I believe.
I believe ♪
Yes.
♪ I'll get there soon ♪
♪♪
You gotta
get out of here.
♪ I've been trying ♪
Alright.
Whatever you say. boss.
[ Both chuckle ]
Will I see you
tomorrow?
Yeah. Yeah.
Cool.
♪♪
♪ And everything ♪
♪ That ever
slipped right by me ♪
♪ Was it ever
really meant to be ♪
♪ Or was it just bad timing? ♪
♪ I believe. I believe.
I believe I'll get there soon ♪
♪ I can see... ♪
How'd it go?
Oh.
Like opening a vein.
You want to hear
some good news?
God. yes.
[ Sighs ]
My lawyer just called.
I got my kid back.
Shared custody.
No conditions.
That's everything
you wanted.
Nyla. congratulations!
You helped me
get here. John.
Just...know that.
Thank you.
♪ ...get there soon ♪
And thanks
for telling me.
Uh...I needed
some good news today.
Hey.
Don't beat yourself up.
You did everything
you were supposed to.
I just wish
Erin would have given us
something more concrete
before she died.
because Serj is gonna walk
for Chris' murder.
♪ I believe. I believe.
I believe I'll get there soon ♪
Erin:
...is dead because of me.
Nolan: No. no. no!
Wait. no! Don't!
It doesn't have to
all be for nothing.
Okay. you can start
to make this right.
Name names. okay?
Just testify.
Armstrong.
No!
[ Gunshots ]
[ Keyboard clacks ]
Armstrong.
She said his name
before she saw him.
♪♪
You did good. my friend.
Very good.
♪♪